<h2><b>Would you like to connect your Shopware Shop to plentymarkets?</b></h2>Our plugin allows a complete comparison with plentymarkets of your products, catalogs, manufacturers, delivery times, units and product variations. Orders from Shopware are transferred directly to plentymarkets. <br><br>The device is very easy: just install and go.<p><br></p><h2> Features: </ hsi> <p> </ p> <ul> <li> automatic comparison of catalogs <br> </ li> <li> automatic adjustment of manufacturers </ li> <li> automatic adjustment of the Delivery times </ li> <li> automatic adjustment of the units </ li> <li> automatic adjustment of the products incl. Product variants </ li> <li> individual configuration of the interface </ li> <li> order transfer to plentymarkets </ li > </ ul> <br> <h2> Details <b>: </ b> </ h2> plentymarkets restApi creates and updates the data with the Shopware API. <p> <br> </ p > <h2> Important note! </ h2> <p> When you start our plugin, catalogs and products are created directly, all manufacturers and units are overwritten. If you are not sure how to update your existing shop, please contact us in advance. </ P> <p> <br> </ p> <h2> You need more adjustments? </ H2> You want to adjust more to your shop? Then contact us! As a Shopware partner agency, we not only develop individual plugins but also look after customers from the idea to the shop, through planning to programming. Just send us an e-mail to info@neofire.de or call us on +49 571 4041733. <br> <br> <h2> Imprint of the plugin Manufacturer: </ h2> <a target = "_ blank" href = "https://www.neofire.de/impressum" https://www.neofire.de/impressum </a> <br> <p> </ p>
